# CS-340-T6641-Client-Server-Development-22EW6

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  You write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by following industry standards and rules for writing programs. You also add in proper comments so another person going through the code can understand it without any issues. Adding proper comments is very important. The advantages of working this way to create project one 1st and then complete project 2 was the separating. It's important to break a project or program into smaller portions and complete those portions. Once the smaller portions are completed, combine all of the portions to complete the project. Breaking down the initial project (project 1) and then completing project 2 made it easy to keep track and undersatnd how it comes together. I can use this CRUD python module to manipulate the data and modify the data using Mongo DB. I can use the format and create other databases so I can create, read, update, and delete data in a database such as Mongo DB.


How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

  As a computer scientish I break down a problem to understand it in separate pieces. Breaking down larger problems into smaller problems makes it easier to understand and come up with a solution. The approach was acutally very similar to other projects that I have completed. I take a systematic approach and break it down just like how coding works. I would follow a very similar technique if I have to create databases in the future. I would break it down into smaller tasks and complete the process of creating the database.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

  Computer scientists write programs to enhance human life by making it easier to use technology. Computer scientists find resolution to problems on a regular basis. It's very important for computer scientists to be able to do their job right, because it allows everyone else to use technology and make life easier for everyone. Technology is a huge aspect of human life. We use cell phones, tablets, computers, applications in all aspects of our daily life. My work on this type of project will can help other companies by creating databases that are clear, efficient, easily accessible to add, modify, and remove data. I will take alot of what I've learned in this class and attempt to bring these skills to my current job/company to make improvements.
